DOC-1874: Add Active Active with ACL to our documentation (#2524)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rc/security/access-control/data-access-control/configure-acls.md

aliases: 
---

> You can define your own Redis ACL rules to assign to a data access role or use provided Redis ACLs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define custom Redis ACL rules to assign to a data access role or use predefined Redis ACLs.
```

> Redis provides three ACL rules marked with the Redis logo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Redis provides three predefined ACL rules, which are marked with the Redis logo:
```

>     - **Full Access**: Allows all commands. 

Reviewer 2: Maybe `Full-Access` as we have in UI?

Author: Fixed.

    - **Read-Write**: Allows read and write commands and excludes dangerous commands.

>     - **Read-only**: Allows read commands only.

Reviewer 2: Read-Only with capital o

Author: Fixed

> ACLs that are not marked with the Redis logo are user-defined ACL rules.

Reviewer 2: Would go with the positive sentence of ACLs that are marked instead of not

Author: @dvir-redis I'm not sure what you mean here. If I say "ACLs that are marked with the Redis logo are user-defined ACL rules", that isn't correct - the rules that are marked with the Redis logo are the provided ACL rules.

Reviewer 2: Yes, I meant:
`ACLs that are marked with the Redis logo are Redis-defined ACL rules, and can not be changed.`

Author: I'll modify the previous sentence and say that Redis-defined ACL rules can not be changed, but I do want to specifically mention that any rules not marked with the logo are user-defined.
